[Doc] HTTP error codes 401, 403, 413 & 429 (#4074)
hove-io/navitia: documentation/slate/source/includes/_errors.md

| no_origin_nor_destination   | Couldn't find neither origin nor destination                                | /journeys                 |
| unknown_object              | Couldn't find one of the request parameters. It can be the region, the API or a PT object | All services              |

### 413: request too large

When the response generated by the request exceeds 10 MB (few APIs are not yet concerned by this limitation but this may change in the future).

Tips to work around this error:

* [paginate](#paging)

> * reduce the parameter `depth`

Reviewer: Maybe, not sure :shrug: 

```suggestion
* reduce the value of the parameter `depth`
```

> * on large `journeys`, reduce the time frames, durations, _etc_

Reviewer: `time_frame_duration` is one parameter. Another one of interest would `min_nb_journeys`.

```suggestion
* on large `journeys`, reduce the `time_frame_duration`, `min_nb_journeys`, _etc_
```

Author: did you prefer more precision on the workaround? Do you agree the last change?

Reviewer: Good enough for me. Thanks for the nice documentation.
